hey i'm JC frias I'm from Texas living
in Utah with my partner of three years
and our pets I love hosting dinner
parties and gatherings and enjoy making
everything look adorable in my home
join me on learning some tips of doing
it yourself and being creative
hey everyone how's it going so I got a
video out this is my how to make the
best muffins ever this is basically a
starter and then you can add whatever
berry or whatever you want to put in it
but this is the starter or the base of
what you're gonna need and I'm going to
show you guys a few tips and you got to
do them so that it comes out perfect
it's after a lot of trial and error so
I'm giving you guys my recipe so you
guys are super lucky but let's get this
going
these are the ingredients you're gonna
you
okay you guys so the best thing about
this is that you do not need to use a
mixer or a blender and actually it all
has to be done by hand
to get the perfect consistency but
before you start this you want to make
sure you get your oven to 350 preheated
and let that do its thing and then you
gonna go ahead so first of all you're
going to get all your drained readings
and you're gonna mix them in
and then you just stir it is really
really good so that's the only time
we're gonna need your whisk now here's
the other tip or the other trick once
all your dry ingredients are in you're
going to get your oil you're going to
make sure you have a 1/3 cup measuring I
can't get in low Matthews I have to do
this over the sink a little oops and
then you're just gonna pour that into a
cup to make sure you have both of those
there and then you're gonna grab your
egg and crack it and put it in there and
the reason you're doing this is because
if egg can have a different consistency
each egg and so you just want to make
sure that you get the exact same milk
and all the other stuff equal sorry
make sure not to get any eggshells
I always tend to do that ok so make sure
you don't do that ok and then the rest
of it you're gonna fill it up with your
mouth your better math doesn't make sure
you get all the way to the top and then
you're gonna put that in here and then
you're gonna repeat the process one more
time with your other head okay people
so now that you have that now what
you're gonna do is you're gonna go in
and break your yolks and don't be too
scared but just break those yolks and
then you're gonna start stirring but
you're gonna go down from one side and
then up and then flip it and then you
just continue that to rock all the sides
so after this I just added a teaspoon
just one teaspoon open a lot and then
just mix it in and then you want to make
sure this is the consistency of it so
it's a little wet and it's pretty thick
and pretty heavy and then after that you
want to add two cups of your favorite
fairy or if you want to do white
chocolate or whatever you want to do and
then you're just gonna follow today the
same thing like you did the back you
don't want to move it too much because
you don't want to crush them all but you
do want to fold it in so we're almost
done
um what you're gonna do now is you're
gonna put in your little muffin covers
or undone and then you're going to get
your Crisco butter it's the hardest
issue one that I use and you're gonna
want to spray it around just because
they do tend to kind of lift up a little
you don't want them to get stuck on your
pan and everything like muffin tops and
then I do you think I'm using the
scooper and it's a 20 the good thing
about using one of these and that's a
trick too is that that way they all come
out the same size and you don't have to
worry about that oh yeah and I probably
forgot to mention these are actually the
giant muffins and so I mean you probably
use just one scoop if you're gonna do it
for your regular happen but after
putting in your three scoops and you
want to make sure that they're all
filled up to the top like this and that
you flatten them out so you can kind of
handle it all or with your finger or a
spatula or whatever is easier for you
and just smooth it out and then you're
gonna put your favorite streusel on this
is one of our favorite ones and I'll put
the recipe or the ingredients that you
need right now
anyways um you can use any streusel you
want and all you do is just mix that in
and then you got it so then all you're
gonna do is just put this so your last
step is just to put these bad boys in
the oven for 400 degrees and you're
gonna put them in there for about 20 to
25 minutes depending on your oven I hope
you guys enjoyed these and keep watching
all my videos happy Thanksgiving you
guys bye